# Question 6

- Question 1: `call	recur`
- Question 2: 
  - **.text** contains the code, which are `main` and `recurse` in the map.c and recurse.c respectively.
  - **.data** contains global varaibles. It contains `stuff` in map.c and is empty for recurse.c
- Question 3: `objdump -t somefile.o`
  - Display format (`man objdump` for details):
    - Col 1: the symbol's value.
    - Col 2 & 3: a set of characters and spaces indicating the flag bits that are set on the symbol.
    - Col 4: the section where the symbol lives, ABS means not associated with a certain section.
    - Col 5: the symbol's size.
    - Col 6: the symbol's name.
- Question 4: 
  - `g`: global
  - `O`: Object
  - `F`: Function
  - `*UND*`: undefined
-  Question 5: Use `nm recurse.o` or `objdump -t recurse.o` command. 
   -  For the **nm** case, we'll see `00000000 T recur` where T means the symbol is in the text (code) section.
   -  For **objdump** we'll see `00000000 g     F .text	00000052 recur`
- Question 6: It is now a lot longer, and previousy undefined symbols (in `map.o`) such as `recur` and `_GLOBAL_OFFSET_TABLE_` are now both defined after linking with `recurse.o`.
- Question 7: All recur function calls are contained in `.text` section.
- Question 8: They are only contained in the SYMBOL TABLE.
- Question 9: No for both. **Stack** stores local variables and will only be declared, stored and initialized during runtime, which happens after the compiling and linking. **Heap** memory is also used in runtime so wouldn't show in object files (and thus global variables are only seen in `.text` / code section).
- Question 10: Stack grows down (from high address) and Heap grows up (from low address). Both lie above Data and Text sections in the entire memory.